The impact of
having accessible information
really excites me.
I get so excited when I receive
something that I need to read
and it's just easy.
Title: When documents are accessible
I can read it,
I can, you know, often
I can whip through the information faster
than a sighted person because my screen
reader goes a million miles an hour.
And it's... it really is exhilarating.
I get very excited
when a new feature is rolled out
on, you know, in a tool
that we need to use in the workplace.
And it just works for me.
This is remarkable.
I can read for an hour now.
And they said, ‘What?
Couldn't you read for an hour before?’
I said, ‘No, I couldn't’.
I used to have to take breaks all the time
and I never knew
whether a migraine
was going to visit me the next day.
Now I can read for as long as I like
because it was made accessible
it's like when you cook a cake,
you know, when you cook a cake
and you've got everything ready
and it comes out of the oven, it's
perfectly brown all over,
not a bit brown here and a bit
white there.
Or when you run for the train
and you put your foot on the platform
and the train comes in and
then you get a seat and then you arrive.
Then there's a coffee place right there,
it all works.
So it feels like a real winner.
It's really rewarding.
And again, it keeps you going.